hey guys it's very junior here i'm
bringing you guys a salvage Newt with
the famas red dot and this is probably
one of the most overused classes in call
of duty in Las red dot um sleight of
hand pro zompire ninja so um basically I
do I I control C by again this is my
fastest nuke ever that's also something
it was a one minute and 40 seconds long
nuke first kill join fulfill a world and
before you guys hate on me for using the
charger this game is actually old
gameplay so I was using the charm
friggin or not ac-130 but now i only say
some 30 and i have an i have a lot of
gameplay right now to post with East 130
so don't you guys worry about that i
also have gameplay operating are still
still on my hard drive so you know if i
need it i'll post it but um this is a
really fast knew you guys account
basically i got my seven kills pretty
fast
unlike you can see here this is a good
strategy if you feel like you're under
pressure like I was there call you
harriers on that spot where you're under
pressure and your harriers may be on the
air strike will get them as you see I
don't run immediately away because I
know the guys are waiting for me there
so I waited for my hair straight to get
the kills and then I ran it's just a tip
guys here's my chopper gunner which is
over as everyone knows it's a chopper
gunner you're gonna probably a
communicant so tell me what you guys
think about my color correction i've
been doing basically i don't know much
about calling for action too well the
only idea i just added pleco bunch of
saturation and it makes the video for
not like if you know anything else i
should use tell me cuz i use imovie I'm
will be 0 9 and i'll just give to the
particle on my new guys thanks for
watching and subscribe guys i'm almost
at 350 subscribers so you guys can help
out by subscribing so just like this
video comment if you have any questions
that's
guys see you later